Now that you have the board turned on,
we wanna give you a couple of quick
tips on how you can test to make
sure that everything is working.
Later on we will provide an application
that will help you test it more easily.
But for now,
after you swipe the screen to unlock it,
if you are on Android,
you should be able to go and
see if you can open up a web browser and
try to connect to the Internet.
So if you find a local Internet,
enter your password da da da da da.
>> It's like any other Wi-Fi.
>> Yeah, see if you can open
up a webpage like Google or
something like that just to test
if the Wi-Fi is working, and
you'll be able to make sure you're
able to get an Internet connection.
Also, if you want, you can try and
test the Bluetooth by, if you have
an Apple iHome or something like that,
you could try and connect the Bluetooth
to that, or something else that has
Bluetooth capabilities, just to make
sure they're all working correctly.
>> Yeah, so we recommend, first of all,
if your Internet connection isn't working,
you're gonna need to troubleshoot that,
possibly look at the forums.
Or maybe your board is just
not working right now, and
you might need to get another one.
But if you get connected to the Internet,
cruise on over to YouTube,
open up your favorite Katy Perry video,
and you know Bluetooth it to your iHome.
You should be able to hear it through your
iHome, it's just like your cell phone.
I use my phone to listen to music
through my iHome, same concept.
Another way to test out if your board is
working, just superficial way to test it
is, your HDMI is hooked into your screen.
Your monitor, most likely, will have
some sort of speakers connected to it.
The HDMI should be able to also push sound
through, which means, you know, play that
video one more time and you should be
able to hear it through your monitor.
Another way to test it is,
even without using your micro SD
card slot to boot into a flash for
another operating system,
like I think I mentioned it earlier,
you can use it as extra storage as well.
So if you happen to be, and
this would be more so for Ubuntu, but
if you happen to have a blank
micro SD card, pop that in there.
Open up your files and it should
detect your micro SD card and allow
you to store files on there, pull it out,
eject it, and transfer it somewhere else.
These are just some simple ways to make
sure your board is functioning properly.
>> Yeah, and
everything should be working ok.
Especially if you just purchased
the board, but it never hurts to check and
make, especially to play around
with it a bit and have some fun and
get to know it a little better.